Testing though hey it's working man. What yeah? We're working. We're working. We're we're like are we getting real live
We're live on
Amen
Yeah, I mean it's recording
Okay, all right
This is all very new to me
It is yeah the first time we've done yeah, I mean for real even though this isn't totally real
We're just kind of spontaneously playing with this, but you know
Why don't I kick us off?
Welcome to the
No billionaires club where we talk about politics and
the day-to-day life of being a
50-something white male
Working in tack and living in the Bay Area. What would you say that's what this is about, right?
Well
There is a huge market that we're trying to build too. I mean
How many billionaires are there? Do you know do you know how many billionaires are?
And you're a billion
There's definitely under a billion. There's a recent there's more than one in less than a billion. I will tell you
There's a we should talk about recent
So
apparently there's 3,000
28
billionaires in the world fair enough in the world
3,028 billionaires in the world
Not one for the three of us
That
How many people are there? 8 billion
I can't hate it. Probably closer to 9 or 10. Okay, man
Okay, so let's say there's nothing because then there's in the math easier so
Sure 9 billion divided by 3,000
I don't know I will all I'm saying is that there's a lot more of them than there
I mean, there's a lot more of us than there are of them. I get that one right
But they have the dollar
So when you say our audience is small I would say
Our audience is about as big as we can get
Really in fact our audience includes just about everybody on the planet except for about 3,028
Well
When you put it like that yeah, let's talk to people
That's what I'm saying yeah
So one of the other ideas at
You sound good
What are the other ideas of how you mean audit? Yeah, it's not a tutorial on the tutorial
I'd say book that that sounds good sound good. Yes, the face made for review. Yeah, I give you a voice
The voice made for a face
So one of the ideas I've been banning about because I think that this would resonate
This is actually a really good idea
For the whole scale if you start your own podcast, but you say so
It's the no billionaires club like we're doing
But check this check this or maybe what we do is this is a
regular feature
we get
one of the
Older generation people that we have access to
And we get them on the podcast. There are guests
Sounds like a good idea, but I don't think we should tune on like a chemistry experience like you know let's go a pain and all
They're moving
We're not going to extract anything from them except for their thoughts and the truth and feelings
You know, yeah, of course
I think it is a good idea, but we're going to have to be a little less clinical when you ask them
Bear
Wait, we're gonna
We're not gonna ask in the bend over
No, we're not getting there's no
Body cavity search or anything that we're gonna be looking for and that's the one
I
Have it you know some of them while older coogers if you know
You know
No, seriously this
Okay, we're gonna start learning how we play with our
Our
Yeah, but wouldn't when it goes away
You know
Where do they cut like that? I mean like kids of the hall. You just cut
It doesn't need to be a punch line
Just play a play a bad song you go to the next topic. All right, but no, seriously
Okay, bunch of billionaires
bunch of billionaires like 3,000
28
28,000 to it 3028
Again to you and I
Against the orders of magnitude
But it but again, that's why we're here because we're here to around
They don't even have the strength of a gorilla
Like a hundred people taking on a gorilla a thousand people they're gonna grow them this would be like
It would be like 500 million people
Really gorilla her gorilla you mean if there was 3,000 28
Do the math them off, but
It'd be a lot
I think you're trying to say that billionaires are like gorillas
I
No
No, no, they they wouldn't fight nearly is right
The billionaires the billionaires they they would
They might hire gorillas to fight for them
But I don't know unless you can tell
Couldn't tell I'm pretty down on billionaires
I don't like them too much either
So okay back to this idea that right we
You know you think about it you know and again you know not not embarrassed to say we could have
Your dad my mom like some of the people that were well connected to
on as guests is this you know maybe once a month
Feature
You know because not only can we talk about
Memories and life grown up and whatever from their perspective but also talk about some of these themes with that
Bear get their perspective
Your mom still drink
I don't think drinking was ever gonna be a
part of the
Requirements of it, but no, but I think um
I mean, you know if I recall when she would drink then there would be a lot more an absolutely
But
That could actually help with your dad. Yes. Well, I mean it that's the liability
What happened him drinking if he could he would lose you with a couple of people
Martin
The uh jinn it's a little strong
In
All right, how do you rank
Let's talk about this. How would you rank?
Lickers in terms of because they are different right they were they really
right
Burban it's a different
I then say a gen
So how would you rank that is that what we're we're ranking
Houses yes
That's I mean it would I mean one would think that it would correlate
to the person's
Licker of choice
But I don't know
It depends on what you want again. Yeah, so like you know because you know you don't do
You know you don't do mushrooms everything
And not any hour
Shouldn't you cocaine every day?
Just because there's no access to it
I mean I mean I work every day like name woman
Wait, sorry I remember that I remember that well. Yes, yes, yes, let's go this all the way from now
But so like
They are different. It's not just drug
I
Yeah, I mean I you know to be honest
And I think this is where you know I
My interaction without calls very different and I'd say yours is that
I don't see any difference at all
They're they're
You know the buzz is a buzz. I didn't realize now that you have me thinking about it
It's probably something I just have missed out on and have it really thought about
And
tuned into a few people
But you tell us about it. I mean what would you say is like
Because I mean I know what you mean you have to kill this kind of always kind of crazy
And that's kind of the more quiet and refined is that what I mean anything in excess can get to a thing in
It's right and it could just be the vibe that you're with right? I mean
I think a lot of people like to kill it and like would say it to you
Because you know hey, you know whistles and you know blowing you know
Shooting it in your mouth in like three feet away, you know, you know somebody grabbing your head and shaking it around you know
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, oh, yeah, let's go
You know so do be a context like this
It was a piece, but you know, sometimes the way it melts in, and I think anybody who's ever drinking
yeah, you're my stupid, you know, it's just, hey, it's got this kind of stupid thing, and what was the last time you had a drink of
jaguarized? And from what reason? I believe, nearly up before? Yeah, I mean, it's been a minute.
20 years, yeah, as the kids say, it has been a minute, it has been a blast, it has been a drink of choice.
Yeah, you know the tartness of the red bull kind of, you know, cut the egg or just a little bit.
That sounds terrible.
How'd you go to that?
That is nice.
That is a good night.
Is what it was.
I want nothing to do it.
All right, new topic, new topic.
All right, hold on.
The panning, yes, is going away.
Yes, it is restarted.
I think the very last one was just minted this week.
Yes.
I'm going to buy the last one.
Well, that, you know, that's one question is.
Okay, what was your original right?
What, you know, is that a collage?
Is the last one printed a collector's item?
I have to be.
I mean, hard to prove.
Hmm.
I bet you they do it.
What's it like?
It's been the last batch.
Well, they don't have zero numbers on them, right?
Oh, no, I mean, they probably take that.
No.
It's RFID in there.
Yeah, look.
This one.
But also, yeah, I mean, how are we going to do with it?
Are we going to start rounding up to the nearest five,
rounding up, rounding down?
Yeah, I think so.
A lot of, I've seen business do that.
I mean, Mike, not personally, but on social media.
But that counts.
We're going to be honest with people.
What do you mean people talked about it?
Oh, like, I mean, when you're spending money,
it rounds in your five.
Mostly jokes about people's inability around.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
A little suffer, quite a bit.
For years to come.
That'll be hard.
No, I mean, my heart really actually goes out to the,
yeah, to the cashier.
It's a dumb and downtrodden.
Well, not really.
No, I mean, the cashier.
It's that to deal with the dump.
Because they're going to demand their money back.
I don't know if we should identify ourselves as we are, like, didn't we?
Uh, but I don't think we did.
I don't think we did, but I don't want to know what the fact.
We, we identified ourselves, genetically.
I don't know.
No.
You don't want people who exist, well, I mean,
people don't really know for sure that where you are the things we say we are they don't know that you are actually a six-foot-three-thall
you know lock man
he's flat
he's actually six-foot-six with the ever
320 pounds
cut from a 40-four-three-four
it's right
so you know it's really for this make up any sort of where you want to be
well but I don't think we say anything I think when it comes right down to
okay yeah so we're just generic voices of the night what if we go to videos of that
then we be that it doesn't matter
that's right well I mean because care less that's the other things we can go to video right away
yeah stay stay voice over well I mean you listen
you at one point said you know this whole work from home thing has an interesting
twist to it and that if you do have a sort of you know maybe
maybe you're slightly attractive
people think people have a lot of stuff but you're not coming on me oh buddy
point is that works it just does
people like people like that I mean you can't overplay it but if you play it right my god
you just sit in god's pocket all the time now you work from home
does that take that away I mean do you lose that is that is that like a
self goal and on goal when it comes to your career if you've got the
charisma if you've got the gift of gab people generally gravitate towards you
whatever how it works does work from home work against you
as convenient maybe yeah you know in my experience I would say 100% you know 100%
it does now that that what you're talking about can come across
over zoom can come across over audio but yeah nothing replaces the
person the person live interaction that you get when you're all in the same room
together I mean there's just no denying that do you think there's a way to like
make that happen I mean I think a lot of management a lot of you know people
looking at how people work look against working
everybody's just oh fucking off doing this that the other end yeah we're doing those
100 and probably there's a lot of positions back and everything now again but by
and large we're not commuting we're not doing that maybe maybe the solution lies
until you're not a different way to measure people's productivity other than you
know asses from chairs sitting in front of people bike you could this be you know
could this be a path towards a true meritocracy but does that make it you know kind of
like what's that gonna be right I think I think I think you're asking for the logical
but the almost impossible right because the only way we have figured it out is to be able to
attribute effort and effort translates to hours right I would disagree with that
I think it's a kind of like to result ROI that's what you hold that's what you hold
they look for right you know but it but it was kind of the day and the day
what's gonna happen with that accounting even if you know I mean there isn't
there isn't a structure in place to give you that accounting and then say you've reached
your points therefore you can now take off the rest of the week right you've reached the
outcome that we expect for you so therefore you're done there is no outcome that's expected
of you I mean there's the there's the minimum and that's what your goal is that right you missed
the minimum you miss right and all you can really try to do is exceed your minimum but
to look at your goal as like a maximum so your goal is like yeah that's for I need to be I think
but that's not that I think that shitty I mean don't give me wrong
that proves my point is is that no matter what no matter how your company might try to position it
to you that it's about outcomes at the end of the day it's still about the hours because again
if you said if you said to me at the start of the sprint Mike here's all the stuff I expect from you
and I get it done in the first three days of the sprint you are not gonna allow me to just go say
I'm gonna go play golf for the rest of the time and I'll see you in two weeks right
you're gonna say okay what else can I fill your plate with so we've got yeah so we've got
contracts and every other in the in big time for performances paid well
why not here oh god people okay all right we're gonna try coming this up okay all right he's back
so I mean why not here so let's let's roll with your and now Mike you got five days to
complete this project I agreed to pay you X amount of money I guess we're doing it like a
permacan salt point of view well no this is this is just how about corporate I don't know how you guys
work but we work in a agile system we put together stories right and everyone is on the back
blog in an iteration all right duration takes two weeks in our case so sprint we sprint yeah
lots of different names right the scrum team to sit down the he'll take the ball down there
of sprint C now the thing is I know a lot of the answers to this and it's that you know
you would if I finished my capacity I would I would then look my teammates and I would see who I could
help it finished their capacity because we're on all team together and we did commit to a certain
amount of work to get done but you get my point right like that there that no matter how we try to
abstract it from hours to outcome there's still a certain like we know that in our industry there's
still a certain expectation that like 40 is minimum and 40 plus is good 60 is great right
and you know that's that's all I'm saying this is that no matter what I still think we're still
tied bound to putting in these hours yeah and so whether you're doing it from home
whether you're doing it from the office which I guess beats your original point was that
we're still putting in the out I guess you'd have to be better for more but I don't feel yeah
okay well that's great well next time we're gonna break that down a bit when we get back together
we're gonna talk a little bit about how come together you might be in a situation with a better
bike you have what would you say you have everybody fool everybody believes that you have the
hardest working guy in the room that you might be only second third or maybe just keep coming through
just keep delivering you know that's all but honestly that's all you can't do I mean that's kind of
thing right I mean that that's it's the it's what is it help me out here with the little lemma that
we're in right bike you can you can work as hard as you can right do the best to can
right play it right and hope the best right and know that you ran a good race at the end
right no matter how it pans out or you can kind of game the system you can kind of try and
cut corner you can try and you know rage against some shame you know do whatever I mean I don't know
and chips of all were the main now we got two things to dig it well yeah but that's the thing
and it really comes down to risk or work which is probably going to become a regular theme of the show
so what's it all for right what are we doing it for all right because
do you want to be left holding a bag at the end of the paper or do you want to be
good on the yacht and looking good Billy Ray feeling good Lewis thank you that's where everybody wants
to be all right all right well thank you very much thank you very much for always a good talk this is
the no billionaires club you know that we are coming at you one every single week or every other week
or maybe once a month I don't know we'll get our cadence right but we're trying this thing out
and we hope you're enjoying it and we uh we look forward to seeing you next time please smash that
subscribe button hit the likes and we'll see you again soon
